Mention javascript #22274 (#22339)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/button/index.md

If your buttons are not for submitting form data to a server, be sure to set their `type` attribute to `button`. Otherwise they will try to submit form data and to load the (nonexistent) response, possibly destroying the current state of the document.

> Although not required, an activated button can also perform a programmable action using [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript), such as removing an item from a list.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
While `<button type="button">` has no default behavior, event handlers can be scripted to trigger behaviors.  An activated button can perform programmable actions using [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript), such as removing an item from a list.
```

> While `<button type="button">` has no default behavior, event handlers can be scripted to trigger behaviors.  An activated button can perform programmable actions using [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript), such as removing an item from a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `<button type="button">` has no default behavior, event handlers can be scripted to trigger behaviors. An activated button can perform programmable actions using [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript), such as removing an item from a list.
```
